docs: clarify browser descriptions for webtransport (#9501)
ipfs/kubo: docs/changelogs/v0.18.md

##### WebTransport enabled by default
[WebTransport](https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/transports/webtransport/) is a new libp2p transport that [was introduced in v0.16](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/changelogs/v0.16.md#-webtransport-new-experimental-transport) that is based on top of QUIC and HTTP3.

> This allows browsers based nodes to contact Kubo nodes, so now instead of just serving requests for other system level applicative nodes, you can also serve requests directly to a node running inside a browser page.

Reviewer: Maybe browser-based nodes instead? "browsers based nodes" doesn't sound right

> This allows browsers based nodes to contact Kubo nodes, so now instead of just serving requests for other system level applicative nodes, you can also serve requests directly to a node running inside a browser page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows browser-based nodes to contact Kubo nodes, so now instead of just serving requests for other system-level application nodes, you can also serve requests directly to a node running inside a browser page.
```
